Episode 4
=========
Notes of Bilkrut
---------

### 5th year of the Demon
#### 33th of Pteia

Lovely weather we are having, my garden is tended quite well and plans for
rooting are set.  By the looks of it we will have a lot of red wine just before
the Second Autumn.

#### 35th of Pteia

Ziggurat dwellers seem to be interested in the garden of mine. One of them
appeared at my doorstep today, acting all intrigued by our little plan all of a
sudden. What surprised me the most -- he offered help, in exchange for some
knowledge about these demons that are plaguing our lands for the last several
years.  As it seems beneficial, I agreed to provide any help that I can on this
topic.

#### 36th of Pteia

Received a package of ashrock dust. It will fit nicely in our little scheme.

#### 37th of Pteia

Note to self: ashrock mixed with iron powder and sulfur produces an exploding
substance that creates huge amounts of fume.  My workshop is still full of
hardly breathable fumes from the accidental explosion in the morning.

#### 39th of Pteia

Found a way to produce the mixture safely. Using thick cloth bag, I add some sulfur grains to the bottom of it, then lay a thin layer
of beeswax, to cover all sulfur, I can carefully put the remaining powder on
top. Reaction starts if You crack the wax layer by shaking or hitting the bag
to hard surface. Actually if the bag is held in a warm place -- the same should
happen.

#### 1st of Kurel

Had some issues with my garden. Our store for seeds have been overrun by some
large rats. More than that, some rumours about magical artifact that was
brought in to the city by our beloved priests have reached my ears. I wonder
since when are they interested in magic? Perhaps they realized that without it
we are easy prey for anyone that knows it? Perhaps fear of those demons forced
them to reconsider?

What else -- I have been visited by Hu, he asked for shelter while he does his
errands in this city. It has been a long time since we last met.  I wonder what
does Master Thon'Gur know that he sends one of his favorite grandsons to us? I
can't shake the feeling that I will find out soon enough.

#### 2nd of Kurel

Apparently Hu was not traveling alone (that is unexpected from a fella like
him).  He brought along a patch of drunken misfits and a priest. What really
surprised me, that the patch came knocking on my door. Calling themselves
adventurers they demanded potions and other 'adventuring' equipment. I barely
contained my laughter as I sold one of them a jar of salty water. 'This
substance will inflict additional pain to your enemies'. Hilarious they were.
Well at least one of them - shady looking thief, others were not so naive.
Puzzled looking lady, with a horrifying bow on her back, 'Bona' as she
introduced, bought some healing ointment (thief bought some too). She appears
to be highly skilled in archery, while a little lost... Apparently, she won the
archery contest, so she will be lighting the ziggurat's fire. This gave me an
idea.

I demonstrated my flash bags (the ones I made couple of days before), hot shot
thief ordered 3 bags, while a curious looking fella seemed having hard time
containing his curiosity around my ingredient collection. I do like curiosity.
Since I needed some assistance in my preparation, I decided to put his
curiosity to good use. He blended and mixed ashrock, didn't catch his name
though. Others prepared sulfur and wax. I prepared several little flash bags as
a reward for their help and packed remaining ashrock to a huge bag, which will
provide the distraction for tomorrow.  I asked two of them to carry the bag to
the top of ziggurat during the reward ceremony, I said it will be used for
excitement of the crowd, they did not inquire anything else. I instructed Bona
to hit the bag with the flaming arrow during the awards. 'No problem' - she
replied. Great.

As the 'adventurers' left my little shop, I hurried to organize townsfolk for
tomorrow. As expected, everyone gladly concurred that tomorrow would be perfect
for rooting. With the news distributed I returned to rest. Tonight will be a
long night.

#### 2nd night of Kurel

We gathered in catacombs under the city, everyone already knew their role, we
distributed red scarfs that will help us to distinguish each other in the
smoke.

And then the knocking began.

Surely this was unexpected. Nobody knows about this place. As everyone was on
their edge, I barely calmed them down. Since it was my place, I asked Hu to
assist me and approached the door. And what do you know. Those 'adventurers'
came knocking on the catacomb entrance. And the funny thing is -- they appear
to be hunting rats. With no knowledge about local events, they just appeared in
a wrong place at a wrong time. Well, at least most of them look battle worthy
and I managed to convince them to fight for the Red Scarfs. Others were not so
happy about my decision, but they knew, that every sword will count tomorrow.

