As you were traveling the road as you reached the crossroad. There was a old,
rotten sign showing the destinations and the ruins of old guard tower. You got
accustomed to the sounds of these untamed wilds over the last few weeks spend
on the road and now you ear caught the sound of mountain spring dodging through
the rocks. Just hearing the sound made you incredibly thirsty and you walked
towards it. As you quenched your thirst and stood up you realized an ages old
shrine for some forgotten god at the other side of the clearing.

As you approached to investigate the overgrown shrine you realized that there
were two men waiting for someone on the cracked stairs. The first of them was
as old as time itself. His eyes, staring from bearded face, covered in deep
wrinkles, followed you all the time as you approached. You realized that he was
watching you as you were drinking from the spring as well. He was resting on
the stair steps with his legs stretched.

The other men, apparently much younger was leaning at the pillar not so far
away. He looked at you only when you approached. You immediately realized that
there was something peculiar about his face. Not only you couldn't figure out
his face expressions, it also seemed that his face features shift constantly.
Sometimes you would recognized familiar faces, sometimes his face was just
another strangers face.

And then, as it is befitting for an old wise man you just met for the first
time, the first one started to speak. And without any introduction or
explanation he began throwing advices to you.

"You life was easy so far, but it did end."

"As everything ends, as you shall find soon enough." The young man added.

"Now you set on a perilous quest." The old man continued. "You will walk, and
you will talk, and you will trade. But you MUST always remember, that one
mistake might cost you a life. One mistake, one slip of luck or chase of fools
gold and you will end up in nameless grave"

"This life was given to you easily. And if you will try to give it away, it
will be taken away without a doubt, and without consolation prize."

After Moment of silence they continued.

The owner of weird face spoken. "The one who forgets is destined to be
forgotten as the one who lives by the axe will die from one."

"Indeed. Remember what you see or hear or read for it will most definitely will
save you from death." Said the older man shifting uncomfortably, like already
seeing you future failures. "And before we go, here is last advice. Consider
your actions really well, and don't rush with the simplest possible solution.
It might be a trap."

"It will always be a trap." Said the younger man, who's face now looked like
your brothers.

"Don't listen to him. Death likes to exaggerate a lot - it might not. Farewell,
and remember what we told you, for the next time we will meet, your life will
be expired."

And with these word they disappear into the thin air. As you searched the place
of some prove that this was not the summer heat vision you found a bark with
some words etched into the inner side.

"I hope you know how to read" echoed a familiar voice.
