Various teasers from emails
===========================

Patekiamas dienoraščio iškarpos vertimas:

*Likio 12 d. 472 D.S. [12/14/472]* Žvarbus ir mirtimi atsiduodantis šlapens
[drėgnasis Raagnos sezonas, ruduo] oras pažadino Žybsnio [Twinkle] miestelį. Ar
bent dalį jo juodadarbių. Aš jau dvi savaitęs šioje prakeiktoje skylėje ir
vienintelis dalykas kuris mane žavi -- tai kad visi kaip susitarę šią tamsią ir
atgrąsią tvirtovę vadina 'miesteliu'. Jei būčiau galėjęs -- tikrai nebūčiau
kišęs nosies iš švaraus ir grakštaus Sidaruosto [Silder Bay]. Bet tai, kad mano
pagrindinis pinigų šaltinis -- importas iš tolimųjų Moarri dykumų -- išdžiūvo
kaip bala toje pačioje dykumoje, švelniai tariant, mane įtikino keliauti į šį
prakeiktą ir visų dievų apleistą mūrinį kalėjimą.  Kol kas mano paieškos rasti
pakankamai drąsių (ar kvailų, man jau nebe taip svarbu) smogikų būrį ir vedlį,
su kuriais galėčiau kirsti dykumą ir atgaivinti prekybos ryšius su kitoje
pusėje esančiais Moarri, nedavė jokių rezultatų. Arba vietiniai smogikai per
daug bijo, kad ryžtųsi keliauti, nesvarbu kokius pinigus aš siūlyčiau, arba
nenori imti pinigų ir darbo iš atvykėlio.  Vienintelis guodžiantis dalykas --
vakar pavyko susitarti su vienu iš vietinių vadukų. Gal jis supras mano verslo
svarbą...

*Likio 12 d. 472 D.S.* Susitikimas su Tuul'grakk [nešantis mirties kirvį
(ork.)] praėjo šiek tiek kitaip nei aš tikėjausi. Orkas pasiūlė man apsaugą ir
vedlį mainais į tai, jog aš pasirūpinsiu Žybsnio miestelio išlikimu. Kitaip
tariant, manęs paprašė, kad suorganizuočiau ir finansuočiau vietinę armiją,
kuri turėtų išvalyti apylinkes nuo Pamirštųjų ordos [Horde of the Forgotten].
Taip skaniai juokęsis jau kuris laikas nebuvau. Jei aš galėčiau išleisti tiek
pinigų, kad suburčiau mažą armiją aš su ta armija ir keliaučiau per dykumą.

*Likio 16 d. 472 D.S.* Dar keturios dienos veltui. Atrodo, kad orkas specialiai
visus nuteikė prieš mane. Dabar bet kokia užuomina apie kelionę per dykumą
susilaukia tik juoko. Visiems ima atrodyti, kad aš tik senas juokdarys...
Nuleidęs galvą grįžau pas Tuul'grakk.  Pasinaudodamas pažintimis tarp
Juodmetalių [Blacksteels] nusamdžiau tris savanorius, kurie padės vietiniams
suvaldyti situaciją. Už tai man pažadėjo parodyti vedlį. Tai geriausia ką galiu
susiderėti dabartinėmis sąlygomis.

---

Aptriušiusioje 'Skilusios Statinės' užeigoje [Cut Barrel Inn] buvo neįprastai
tylu. Vienakojis barmenas Ralfas [One-legged Ralph] tyliai šluostė purvinus
bokalus. Į kiekvieną bokalą Ralfas susikaupęs grūsdavo savo stambią ranką,
apvyniotą nepaaiškinamos spalvos klaikiai dvokiančia medžiagos atraiža ir lėtai
sukiodamas traukdavo lauk. Atlikęs šį šventą 'švaros ritualą' paskutiniam
bokalui, barmenas nužvelgė užeigą. Menkai apšviestos salės pakampėse sėdėjo
keli nuolatiniai lankytojai ir surūgę dėbsojo į savuosius bokalus.

Ralfas atsikrenkštė ir net pats buvo nustebintas skreplio, atsiradusio jo
burnoje, dydžio. Švelniai pagromuliavęs jis su švilptelėjimu spjovė skreplį į
vieną iš 'švariųjų' bokalų.

Tuo metu užeigos durys girgždėdamos atsivėrė. Tarpduryje stovėjo vienas iš
šachtininkų, ką tik pakilęs iš netoliese esančių kasyklų. Sunkiais žingsniais
priėjęs prie baro vienu mauku ištuštino skubinai Ralfo pripildytą bokalą.

"Senosios šachtos vėl vaitoja" -- prabilo šachtininkas. Jo veidas buvo senas ir
pavargęs ir visiškai nederėjo su raumeningomis rankomis ir tvirtais pečiais,
kurie atrodė lyg gerai sudėto 25 metų vyro.

"Nustok nerimauti, jos visą laiką vaitoja. Senatvėje pats dar ne taip vaitosi."
-- pašiepė Ralfas.

"Aš pažįstu tas šachtas. Jos taip nevaitoja." -- šachtininkas trumpam nutilo --
"Duok kokio srėbalo, keliausiu į miestą nakčiai. Girdėjau vėl drąsuolių
plačiomis piniginėmis atsirado..."

---

Jis priklaupė ir su delnu palietė žolę. Akimirką sudvejojo, lyg negalėdamas
suprasti kodėl armijos generolas glosto žemės lopinėlį. Tada oriai atistiesė ir
nužvelgė prieš save stovinčia pilką figūrą. Iš po gobtuvo šešėlio nesimatė
veido, rankovės slėpė rankas. Figura neturėjo nei vieno bruožo, kuris nusakytų
jos rasę, lytį ar ketinimus. Generolo ranka nuslydo ant gremėzdiško kardo
rankenos, ramiai besiilsinčios ant kairio klubo.

“Tavo įtūžis čia nenaudingas ...” — figūra prabilo

“Aš laisvas! Kodėl turiu klausyti Tavęs?” — generolo balsas sudundėjo kaip
akmenų kruša.

“... nes nenori grįžti atgal ...” — pilkoji žmogysta monotoniškai tęsė toliau,

Generolo veidą perkreipė kraują stingdantis siaubas. Kardas išlydo iš makšties
ir žaibo greičiu perskrodė pilkąją figūrą.

“... sugriauk šitą miestą ir galėsi čia likti.” — figūra net nevirptelėjusi
pabaigė ir išnyko kaip dūmas.

Generolas tvirčiau suspaudė savo kardo rankeną ir nužvelgė tolumoje
juoduojančias mūrines sienas.

---

Shady gray figure seeped into the tent. Slowly it walked around the mutilated
corpse of the General.

"anger... Yes. Anger. Furry. Disappointment. Death. Seek death... Yes. Death
will help us." -- shady figure mumbled in several voices.

Figure approached the edge of a crater:

"Footprint. Trail. Scent. Path. Breadcrumbs... We know."

And the figure dissolved into the thin air.

Outside of the half destroyed tent in the light of rising sun Blacksteels and
Twinkle militia were slaughtering the remainder of 'The Forgotten Orcish Army'.

---

"Debt must be repaid."

Gray cloak stood still in front of a miniature fortress made from mutilated
corpses.

One side of the rotten flesh fortress was covered in mushrooms and blossoming
flowers of some sort, while the other side was built from bones and hooves,
with sharp spikes menacing to pierce anyone stupid enough to walk by. Sharp
laughter echoed from the gateway as a slim figure appeared from the darkness.

"... kill ..." - the shady figure spoke and disappeared, leaving a crack shaped
portal on the ground.

"You let me play outside, master? _Can I be naughty again, master?_ **Can I rip
their souls apart, master?** _I promise, I will plant a tree in their tiny
little grave._ I have missed those green and lush trees. **I missed the way
they scream when they burn.** Oooooh, I know. I will make them **cook me their
legs.** Oh how long ago have I tasted some fine cooked meat... _Mmm-MMMmmmm._"

Slim figure playfully jumped into the crack and the portal closed with a
cracking sound.

_For most authentic experience, read bold in low devilish voice, italics in
evil girly voice and normal font in insane man voice._

---

###Uneasy nights (Quark edition)

... and the badger was struck by an arrow that apparently came from nowhere. As
you turned around you saw Tyla Nutella standing with her bow just released a
deadly arrow. A devilish grin ran across her face as she disappeared in the
crowd. You raised your axe and sprinted after her, yet only finding yourself
stranded in a huge crowd with no place to move. You started chopping people
around you, but they just kept coming and completely buried you with their
hands and bodies. Your cries for help were inaudible in the background of the
crown laughing in chorus ...

You woke up. It was the sixth night during which you could not get enough sleep
because of horrific nightmares. And each night you dreamt Tyla. As you rolled
over to check for the badger, your feet bursted into pain. Even though you
received first aid and drank healing potions, the feet is still hurting. Badger
was sound asleep in a bag next to you. You tried to get back to sleep, since
tomorrow the caravan will enter the desert, yet your mind was too afraid to
fall back to the same nightmare.

And so you waited for this night to end.


###Uneasy nights (Thunder edition)

... He was chained to the ceiling. He was barely standing on his feet but he
still had some dignity and will in his eyes as he looked at you. You felt a
warm sensation as you imagined shredding his remaining humanity into pieces.
You had no idea why are you doing this, but my oh my, who cares, when there is
so much enjoyment to tap into.

There were tables around the room. They were covered in various contraptions
and tools. You knew some of them but you didn’t know the other. But the purpose
of them was all too clear. To inflict pain. And they were in your possession,
just as this fella shackled in the middle of the room. This thought alone made
you moan in pleasure. You took your time to choose the tool. You knew you tried
several of them before, but none of them seemed to fit this occasion. And then
you chose: nine tailed scourge. A masterwork creation: leather bound handle,
each whip made from black horse mane horsehairs, ending with small iron star.
You smelled the brand new leather and oiled horsehairs as you watched fear
building up in the eyes of your victim. You whipped the air, just to feel the
rush in your body. It felt great. The prisoner cried out to the sound, what
made it even more pleasurable. You raised your hand holding the scourge. You
could almost hear the fulfilling scream when the sharp stars will bury in the
flesh of the prisoners back. This is going to feel so so soooo good.

The metal stars were already flying towards the back of the person, when
suddenly Tyla appeared near you. "Thats enough of that" she shouted. And
everything disappeared...

You woke up. It was just a dream again. Such waste of a good torture. You tried
to close your eyes, yet you couldn’t. Garret was awake. And he was resisting.
It was the sixth night which ended in such discontent. And each and every time
Tyla was the one to ruin the fun.  And so you stayed awake until the morning
came. Burning in anger and dissatisfaction. Denied of your rightful enjoyment.


###Uneasy nights (Garret edition)

... and you saw Tyla Nutella walking away slowly.  You felt an urge to run to
an opposite direction. You did not know why, but sheer thought of following
Tyla made your stomach spin from fear. Yet suddenly you felt irresistible urge
to follow her into the terrifying unknown. “Go, my child” echoed in your head
as your body became numb and moved on it’s own.

As you walked you found yourselves completely alone. There was no humans around
apart you, Thunder and Tyla... And your body kept walking, while your mind
screamed to turn around. Tyla was getting away from you. You had to catch her.
You started running. Running towards Tyla. But she was still moving away. You
stopped to regain your breath. As you raised your eyes again Tyla was gone.
Thunder was gone. You no longer felt the presence of Gaana. You were standing
in complete darkness. Completely alone. In a place completely desolated of any
substance. Suddenly the ground under your feet disappeared into the
nothingness. And then you fell. Fell through nothingness. Completely abandoned.
Abandoned by Tyla. By Thunder. By Gaana. By earth. By suns. By time.

... and then you saw Tyla Nutella walking away slowly.

You woke up. Trembling in fear that this night will never end. This was by far
the most shocking nightmare of these nights. It is only the sixth night you
left Twinkle but each night your dreams became harsher and more shocking. Each
night for almost a week you dreamt Tyla. And each night you was terrified to go
back to sleep. And so you listened to silent snoring of Tyla and Quark waiting
for morning to come. And fighted Thunder who insisted on going back to sleep.


###Easy nights (Tyla edition)

You woke up from the noise in the camp. As you stepped out from the tent you
saw nearly everyone awake. You felt little embarrassed that you overslept, yet
when your eyes caught the suns, you realised that it is even earlier than
usual. You were baffled by this for a moment but quickly turned around and
started packing.

